TO_DO_LATER.md, before:

#   List of items
- Image type should be auto-recognized
- Multiple images with slider
- ~~Sidebar instead of navbar~~
- ~~Sidebar should be fixed~~
- Footer
- ~~Navbar should have company name~~
- Admin can edit user info
- ~~Introduce product name for each company~~
- Have GIFs ready
- Make AI generated summary
- Mobile readiness
- Rich Text
- Save post as draft
- Company should have a registration end date and type of registration
- Rethink the workflow when a registration happens
- Overall list of companies page 
- Overall admin page that creates and manages companies and get analytics
- ~~Flash should stay longer~~
- Create newsletter
- Search should go to first page, not second page or others
- View for the posts that have been reported
- Birthdays and anniversaries should come in the feed
- Follow Feature
- Add Links
- Hashtags and Mentions
- If profile pic is not given, use a circle with the first letter of the first name
- Page reload without refresh

Commit message:

Complete Day 31 - Poll and Announcements

TO_DO_LATER.md, after:

#   List of items
- Image type should be auto-recognized
- Multiple images with slider
- ~~Sidebar instead of navbar~~
- ~~Sidebar should be fixed~~
- Footer
- ~~Navbar should have company name~~
- Admin can edit user info
- ~~Introduce product name for each company~~
- Have GIFs ready
- Make AI generated summary
- Mobile readiness
- Rich Text
- Save post as draft
- Company should have a registration end date and type of registration
- Rethink the workflow when a registration happens
- Overall list of companies page 
- Overall admin page that creates and manages companies and get analytics
- ~~Flash should stay longer~~
- Create newsletter
- Search should go to first page, not second page or others
- View for the posts that have been reported
- Birthdays and anniversaries should come in the feed
- Follow Feature
- Add Links
- Hashtags and Mentions
- If profile pic is not given, use a circle with the first letter of the first name
- Page reload without refresh
- Moderator view 
- Seperate area for polls and announcements
